DATA FROM SCANNING QR CODE


VA-0730b-PAT-0007


DATA FROM SCANNING FORM


 

\VA-0730b-PAT-0007

NN raeat CHILD CARE PROVIDER INFORMATION
of Veterans Affairs (For the Child Care Subsidy Program)

PRIVACY ACT STATEMENT

Public Law 107-67, Section 630 (November 12, 2001) confers regulatory authority on the Department of Veterans Affairs for agency ypriated funds for child care costs for lower
income Federal employees. Public Law 104-134 (April 26, 1996) requires that any person doing business with the Federal eer vse of po ial Security Number or tax identification
number. This is an amendment to title 31, Section 7701. ‘The primary use of these Social Security Numbers (SSN) and tax identification numbers will be for identification purposes in assuring
licensure and/or regulation compliance. This compliance is necessary for the purpose of determining end employee eligibility for child care subsidy. Disclosure of the above information is
voluntary, but failure to provide all of the requested information may result in denial of your application.

RESPONDENT BURDEN

Eu reporting Paci for hs oollbcfice intr ation is Cstmneted 1b avereay, 10 tants Pa eee including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, gathering
and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other: of this collection, including
suggestions for reducing this burden, to the VA Clearance Officer (005E3), 810 Vermont Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20420. DO NOT send so ues forbarehis i thie anki

INSTRUCTIONS:
Employees approved to participate in the VA Child Care Subsidy Program must use this form to request monthly child care subsidy benefit payments. An invoice from the child care provider

 

 

must be prepared indicating the total cost of daycare and uploaded into the Child Care Record Management System (CCRMS) month benefits are requested. The child care provider's
invoice should include the name and address of the provider or company, the provider's Federal tax identification number, a description of services and the total cost of monthly services.
apes fee beets should be uctoreed inp CCRMS by Bie 150 of each month unless te dete Felson a. woekens) eric holiday then the submission dealing wll move fp the following

 

NOTE:

As a participant in the VA Child Care Subsidy Program, you are eligible to receive a subsidy to be ied towards your child care cost. Your monthh ly child care subsidy will be forwarded to
your child care provider on your behalf. However, you are responsible for the payment of your total child care cost and must pay the full amount on all invoices issued to you by your child care
provider, if no VA CCSP benefit credit is available on your account. Any arrangement you make with your provider regarding how your child care subsidy benefits are credited and/or any
payment arrangements on your account is between you and your child care provider.

PART | - PARENT INFORMATION

1. NAME OF PARENT/LEGAL GUARDIAN WITH CHILD IN THE 2. FEDERAL AGENCY OF PARENT
PROVIDER'S CARE

FA Y AN Department of Veterans A ffairs

PART Il - PROVIDER INFORMATION

 

 

 

